docs: add show user functions and system.user_functions (#447)
datafuselabs/databend-docs: docs/sql-reference/10-sql-commands/50-administration-cmds/show-user-functions.md

---
title: SHOW USER FUNCTIONS
sidebar_position: 4
---
import FunctionDescription from '@site/src/components/FunctionDescription';

<FunctionDescription description="Introduced or updated: v1.2.315"/>

> Shows information about user-defined functions and external functions in the system. Equivalent to `SELECT name, is_aggregate, description, arguments, language FROM system.user_functions ...`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lists the existing user-defined functions and external functions in the system. Equivalent to `SELECT name, is_aggregate, description, arguments, language FROM system.user_functions ...`.
```

See also: [system.user_functions](../../00-sql-reference/20-system-tables/system-user-functions.md)

## Syntax

```sql
SHOW USER FUNCTIONS [LIKE '<pattern>' | WHERE <expr>] | [LIMIT <limit>]
```

## Example

```sql
SHOW USER FUNCTIONS;

┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│      name      │    is_aggregate   │ description │                         arguments                         │ language │

> │     String     │ Nullable(Boolean) │    String   │                          Variant                          │  String  │

Reviewer: When pasting results from BendSQL, remove the data type row from the table.

Reviewer: Check elsewhere in this PR.
